README.md, before:

# Easy Node Authentication

Code for the entire scotch.io tutorial series: Complete Guide to Node Authentication

We will be using Passport to authenticate users locally, with Facebook, Twitter, and Google.

#### Upgraded To Express 4.0
This tutorial has been upgraded to use ExpressJS 4.0. See [the commit](https://github.com/scotch-io/easy-node-authentication/commit/020dea057d5a0664caaeb041b18978237528f9a3) for specific changes.

## Instructions

If you would like to download the code and try it for yourself:

1. Clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:scotch-io/easy-node-authentication`
2. Install packages: `npm install`
3. Change out the database configuration in config/database.js
4. Change out auth keys in config/auth.js
5. Launch: `node server.js`
6. Visit in your browser at: `http://localhost:8080`

## The Tutorials

- [Getting Started and Local Authentication](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-setup-and-local)
- [Facebook](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-facebook)
- [Twitter](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-twitter)
- [Google](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-google)
- [Linking All Accounts Together](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-linking-all-accounts-together)

Commit message:

Add routes and config to implement levelware auth

README.md, after:

# Easy Node Authentication - now with LEVELWARE!!

## Levelware notes
Use install directions below...
Signup with a new account or login with existing...
Clicking the levelware link from profile will:

• do dialog for access token (requires user authentication at levelware site)
• the redirect will then generate an access token and get the users deal summary 
  and the first deal in their account, returning a json object for each


## Original tutorial notes follow...
Code for the entire scotch.io tutorial series: Complete Guide to Node Authentication

We will be using Passport to authenticate users locally, with Facebook, Twitter, and Google.

#### Upgraded To Express 4.0
This tutorial has been upgraded to use ExpressJS 4.0. See [the commit](https://github.com/scotch-io/easy-node-authentication/commit/020dea057d5a0664caaeb041b18978237528f9a3) for specific changes.

## Instructions

If you would like to download the code and try it for yourself:

1. Clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:scotch-io/easy-node-authentication`
2. Install packages: `npm install`
3. Change out the database configuration in config/database.js
4. Change out auth keys in config/auth.js
5. Launch: `node server.js`
6. Visit in your browser at: `http://localhost:8080`

## The Tutorials

- [Getting Started and Local Authentication](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-setup-and-local)
- [Facebook](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-facebook)
- [Twitter](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-twitter)
- [Google](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-google)
- [Linking All Accounts Together](http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/easy-node-authentication-linking-all-accounts-together)
